# Video-Game-Eng-Lyfe
This video game was built in Python using Pygames.
Team 88: Pyoneers
Game: Eng Lyfe
Please Enjoy our engaging and personal presentation of Eng Lyfe. As we show you all the fun mini games, and paths or Eng Lyfe.
Description:
Eng Lyfe’s structure will follow a questing structure with a story line surrounding the university experience of an engineer on their journey to graduation. The game will have two levels and each level will consist of a minigame, followed by a challenge [figure 3]. The game begins with a loading screen that shows “Welcome to Engineering” and loads up a starter menu with ACEB as the background hub. On this starter menu [Figure 1], the player can click customization to choose their student character [figure 3]. If the user selects Levels, they can choose to play a specific challenge or minigame, by clicking the options button the user can adjust the background music volume of the game [figure 2]. Once the user selects Play it begins the RPG storyline. The goal of the game is to “graduate” from Western Engineering by successfully completing all the levels, completing all the mini games at each level. 

Team 88: Pyoneers Game: Eng Lyfe Please Enjoy our engaging and personal presentation of Eng Lyfe. As we show you all the fun mini games, and paths or Eng Lyfe. Description: Eng Lyfe’s structure will follow a questing structure with a story line surrounding the university experience of an engineer on their journey to graduation. The game will have two levels and each level will consist of a minigame, followed by a challenge [figure 3]. The game begins with a loading screen that shows “Welcome to Engineering” and loads up a starter menu with ACEB as the background hub. On this starter menu [Figure 1], the player can click customization to choose their student character [figure 3]. If the user selects Levels, they can choose to play a specific challenge or minigame, by clicking the options button the user can adjust the background music volume of the game [figure 2]. Once the user selects Play it begins the RPG storyline. The goal of the game is to “graduate” from Western Engineering by successfully completing all the levels, completing all the mini games at each level. For a video demo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcYDy5oGw_4
